More vignettes (#135)
tidyverse/elmer: vignettes/elmer.Rmd

* It affects pricing. You are charged per token, so each question in a conversation is going to include all the previous questions and answers, meaning that the cost is going to grow quadratically with the number of turns. In other words: to save money, keep your conversations short.

* Every response is affected by all previous questions and responses. This can make a converstion get stuck in a local optima, so generally it's better to iterate by starting new conversations with improved prompts rather than having a long conversation with the model.

* elmer has full control over the conversational history, because it's elmer's responsibility to send the previous conversation turns. That makes it possible to start a conversation with one model and finish it with another.

### What is a prompt?

> The user prompt is the question that you send to the model. There are two other important prompts the underlying the user prompt:

Reviewer: Not sure how to correct the second sentence

> * The **core system prompt** is unchangeable, set by the model provider, and affects every conversation. You can these look like from Anthropic, who [publishes their core system prompts](https://docs.anthropic.com/en/release-notes/system-prompts).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The **core system prompt** is unchangeable, set by the model provider, and affects every conversation. You can see what these look like from Anthropic, who [publishes their core system prompts](https://docs.anthropic.com/en/release-notes/system-prompts).
```

> * The **system prompt** is set when you create a new conversation, and will affect every response. It's used to provide additional context for the responses, shaping the output to your needs. For example, you might use the system prompt to ask the model to always respond in Spanish or to write dependency-free base R code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The **system prompt** is set when you create a new conversation, and will affect every response. It's used to provide additional instructions for the model, shaping its responses to your needs. For example, you might use the system prompt to ask the model to always respond in Spanish or to write dependency-free base R code. You can also use the system prompt to provide the model with information it wouldn't otherwise know about, like the details of your database schema, or the ggplot2 theme and color palette you strongly prefer.
```

---
title: "elmer"
output: rmarkdown::html_vignette
vignette: >
  %\VignetteIndexEntry{elmer}
  %\VignetteEngine{knitr::rmarkdown}
  %\VignetteEncoding{UTF-8}
---

```{r, include = FALSE}
knitr::opts_chunk$set(
  collapse = TRUE,
  comment = "#>"
)
```

```{r setup}
library(elmer)
```

The goal of this vignette is give you the key vocabulary you need in order to use LLMs effectively. In this package, we treat LLMs as black boxes, ignoring the details of the underlying models. This is because the details of the models aren't particuarly useful at the level at which you'll mostly want to work (in the same way that you need an extremely deep understaning of physics in order to inform your understand of chemistry), and it's best to start with a highly empirical approach.

* Token:
* Prompt:
* Conversation:
* Provider and model:

## Vocabulary

### What is a token?

> A tokens are very important for the implementation of LLMs, because when combined with an embedding, they convert text to numbers, which are then used to train the model. Tokens are also important for you, because they are used to compute query cost and they how much information you can put in a prompt.

Author: Link to https://platform.openai.com/tokenizer
